chr12 Cas9 False False
chr12 Cas9 False True
chr13 Cas9 False False
chr13 Cas9 False True
chr14 Cas9 False False
chr14 Cas9 False True
chr15 Cas9 False False
chr15 Cas9 False True
chr16 Cas9 False False
chr16 Cas9 False True
chr17 Cas9 False False
chr17 Cas9 False True
chr18 Cas9 False False
chr18 Cas9 False True
chr19 Cas9 False False
chr19 Cas9 False True
chr20 Cas9 False False
chr20 Cas9 False True
chr21 Cas9 False False
chr21 Cas9 False True
chr22 Cas9 False False
chr22 Cas9 False True
chrX Cas9 False False
chrX Cas9 False True
chrY Cas9 False False
chrY Cas9 False True